what if Harrison say when when you
showed him the fate of his character was
he excited about it uh you know he was
very thoughtful about it and and he got
it and he understood why it was so
powerful I think part of it is because
Harrison himself ha and the character
has so much ahead of him right has so
much life and fight and adventure that
this was the time to do that thing that
if it if we felt like oh this character
sort of at the you know end of his days
yeah it wouldn't have been as powerful
the thing that made it potentially
meaningful wasn't just who does it and
how it happened but it's that that he is
that it is a character that's so vital
mm-hmm that is going meaning his demise
I will also say that Harrison has always
said that he knew that Han needed to
have clear utility and that's what he
wanted to do and that's why he argued
back in the day yeah that Han should die
and and George didn't want to do it and
I don't know what his utility in that
regard would have been though I'm sure
Harrison would have come up with a
clever pitch for it but in this case
there was such clear utility and it's
what I was telling Ethan that like it's
about it's about bringing this new
villain to the fore and there's nothing
I can think of is more hideous than
patricide especially because the Han
Solo